Recall self-management notes

\- Trust to the universe

\- Disturbing thoughts: self-service

\- Breath technics

\- Divide planning (thinking) and doing

\- Walking mediation

\- Recognize the signs of paranoia =\> change focus to another
thing/thought

\- What if, then what

\- Spend your time on things that make sense to you

\- Learn from fails and reflect on them - what need TBD differently

\- Parents and life purpose - maybe yes maybe not, most likely situation
will be changed and I will have another questions/purposes

\- Uncontrollable ruminations -\> I will think about it later OR
self-service

\- When communicating with people it might be better to talk about their
things, their life and job, how they are doing, where they work, to be
interested in people

\- Practicing gratitude

\- Exposure and Response Prevention

\- do big things by the small steps constantly at the same time
(early/late windows)

\- implementation intentions

\- create momentum

\- zooming in / zooming out

\- decastophizing: analyze the situation, identify worst-case scenario
and evaluate its probability

\- Mindful Awareness: You practice being present in the moment and
observing your thoughts and feelings without judgment. This can help you
detach from the intensity of obsessive thoughts and FOBO

\- Don't let others control your priorities or time. Evaluate the effort
you exert, and take control yourself

\- Keep a view in daily life: what we produce and throw into the world
and daily life, then the same words and actions reappear and return to
us and others.

\- Never give energy to things you do not like.

\- Today\'s imprints in mind are your future world. - Lama Ole Nydahl

\- Create a framework to ensure you sustainably work toward your goals
via the "three P's":

Plan -- Assess your skills and knowledge levels. Then, progressively
push yourself slightly outside your comfort zone as you progress toward
bigger goals. Keep goals realistic, feasible and specific.

Practice -- Commit to continuous learning, treating your discovery
process as a series of experiments. Get feedback and approach your
experiments with deep focus. Don't fear failure, as you can learn from
it. Keep a log, consistently tracking your progress and learning.

Ponder -- Once you've learned via experimentation and gathered feedback,
leverage this knowledge to help you achieve your broader goal, and
improve your approaches to strategy and experimentation. Ask yourself
what did and didn't work for you in the past, and how you could improve
results in the future. Don't forget to celebrate your small achievements
as you approach success.

\*\*\*

Most working:

Zoom out

Momentum (dedicated time for important activities)

Time: early/late windows, commute, launch, weekend morning, time-boxing,
time-blocking, habit-stacking

Daily rhythm

implementation intentions

\*\*\*

Overcome building routines:

struggle with executive function skills like planning, organization, and
task initiation, which are all key to sticking to routines.

\- identify peak times for activities

\- Momentum-based work: If you feel a surge of motivation, absolutely go
with it! But also have a plan for when motivation is low. Even 15
minutes of focused work is better than nothing.

\- For example, for improving English, you could set a goal to read a
book chapter or watch an English video daily. For coding, aim to solve
one algorithmic problem a day. For open-source, plan to review or
contribute to a project weekly.

\- !!!1 Momentum-Based Learning Blocks - Create \"goal time\" blocks
that are flexible in timing but consistent in frequency

\- Instead of fixed hours, aim for a minimum number of sessions per week

\- Example:

English improvement: 3-4 sessions/week (can be morning, afternoon, or
evening)

\- Coding tasks: 3-4 sessions/week

\- Open-source contribution: 1-2 sessions/week

\- Have a \"goal toolkit\" readily accessible:

\- Bookmarked learning resources

\- Coding challenge websites

\- Open-source project links

\- Noise-cancelling headphones

\- Fidget tools

\- Momentum Capture Techniques

\- When you feel motivated, quickly capture your energy

\- Create easy entry points for each goal
